<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/, se: https://standardebooks.org/vocab/1.0" xml:lang="en-GB">
	<head>
		<title>List of Illustrations</title>
		<link href="../css/core.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
		<link href="../css/local.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
	</head>
	<body epub:type="backmatter">
		<section id="loi" epub:type="loi">
			<nav epub:type="loi">
				<h2 epub:type="title">List of Illustrations</h2>
				<ol>
					<li>
						<a href="../text/how-the-whale-got-his-throat.xhtml#illo-01-02">The Whale swallowing the Mariner with his infinite-resource-and-sagacity.</a>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="../text/how-the-whale-got-his-throat.xhtml#illo-01-03">The Whale looking for the little ’Stute Fish, who is hiding under the Doorsills of the Equator.</a>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="../text/how-the-camel-got-his-hump.xhtml#illo-02-02">The Djinn making the beginnings of the Magic that brought the Humph to the Camel.</a>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="../text/how-the-camel-got-his-hump.xhtml#illo-02-03">The Djinn in charge of All Deserts guiding the Magic with his magic fan.</a>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="../text/how-the-rhinoceros-got-his-skin.xhtml#illo-03-02">The Parsee beginning to eat his cake on the Uninhabited Island in the Red Sea on a very hot day …</a>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="../text/how-the-rhinoceros-got-his-skin.xhtml#illo-03-03">The Parsee Pestonjee Bomonjee sitting in his palm-tree and watching the Rhinoceros Strorks bathing …</a>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="../text/how-the-leopard-got-his-spots.xhtml#illo-04-02">This is Wise Baviaan, the dog-headed Baboon, Who is Quite the Wisest Animal in All South Africa.</a>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="../text/how-the-leopard-got-his-spots.xhtml#illo-04-03">The Leopard and the Ethiopian after they had taken Wise Baviaan’s advice.</a>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="../text/the-elephants-child.xhtml#illo-05-02">The Elephant’s Child having his nose pulled by the Crocodile.</a>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="../text/the-elephants-child.xhtml#illo-05-03">The Elephant’s Child going to pull bananas off a banana-tree after he had got his fine new long trunk.</a>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="../text/the-sing-song-of-old-man-kangaroo.xhtml#illo-06-02">Old Man Kangaroo when he was the Different Animal with four short legs.</a>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="../text/the-sing-song-of-old-man-kangaroo.xhtml#illo-06-03">Old Man Kangaroo at five in the afternoon, when he had got his beautiful hind legs …</a>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="../text/the-beginning-of-the-armadillos.xhtml#illo-07-02">An inciting map of the Turbid Amazon done in Red and Black.</a>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="../text/the-beginning-of-the-armadillos.xhtml#illo-07-03">The Jaguar and the Hedgehog and the Tortoise and the Armadillo all in a heap.</a>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="../text/how-the-first-letter-was-written.xhtml#illo-08-02">Taffy’s drawing on birch-bark.</a>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="../text/how-the-first-letter-was-written.xhtml#illo-08-03">The story of Taffimai Metallumai carved on an old tusk a very long time ago …</a>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="../text/how-the-alphabet-was-made.xhtml#illo-09-02">A magic Alphabet-necklace of all the letters.</a>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="../text/the-crab-that-played-with-the-sea.xhtml#illo-10-02">Pau Amma the Crab running away while the Eldest Magician was talking to the Man and his Little Girl Daughter.</a>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="../text/the-crab-that-played-with-the-sea.xhtml#illo-10-03">Pau Amma the Crab rising out of the sea as tall as the smoke of three volcanoes.</a>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="../text/the-cat-that-walked-by-himself.xhtml#illo-11-02">The Cave where the Man and the Woman lived first of all.</a>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="../text/the-cat-that-walked-by-himself.xhtml#illo-11-03">The Cat that Walked by Himself, walking by his wild lone through the Wet Wild Woods and waving his wild tail.</a>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="../text/the-butterfly-that-stamped.xhtml#illo-12-02">The Animal that came out of the sea and ate up all the food that Suleiman-bin-Daoud had made ready …</a>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="../text/the-butterfly-that-stamped.xhtml#illo-12-03">The four gull-winged Djinns lifting up Suleiman-bin-Daoud’s Palace the very minute after the Butterfly had stamped.</a>
					</li>
				</ol>
			</nav>
		</section>
	</body>
</html>
